	Through our performance of “The Circle of Life: Disrupted”, we intended to address the problems with human construction projects and how they affect the lives of animals that were native to the land. The performance has six parts, separated by “days”, to show the rapid progression of human construction. Over the course of the six “days” the lion, once king of the jungle, loses his animal subjects, his home, and eventually his sanity. At the beginning of the performance, the lion was in his prime happiness, ruling over his subjects in the jungle. However, everything changed when some human joggers discovered the land. The lion started to lose his subjects as they started to disappear one by one. The only thing that he could do was to keep the remaining animals calm because he does not know what is happening. Before long, the lion finds himself alone, and his forest turns into a city that he can no longer recognize as his home. Eventually the lion loses his sanity as he disappears just like his animal subjects did. The performance then ends with stationary buildings that silently remain there. 	The story is portrayed through a puppet show using paper silhouettes mounted on sticks to portray the animals. We wanted to show how people do not believe that animals have identities, so we used silhouettes to represent the animals. This contrasts with the way we portrayed humans and buildings through full pictures because we wanted to show how we recognize those. Another benefit of using puppets is that we can control the puppets with various gestures to show their individual feelings and actions that occurred throughout the performance. The entire puppet show is also performed without dialogue. Instead we use sound effects as a major media in order to put attention to the subject that we want to show.  Repetition was also heavily used because we wanted the viewers to see how each “day” differed from the previous day. For example, in day 4 the hyena disappears and in day 5 the elephant is no longer there. We did this because it was a way to indirectly and subliminally convey our message to the audience. When watching the performance, the audience will try to figure out the meaning of the puppets and by the end truly understand the problems that construction projects cause to animals.	We used all these original aspects in our performance because not only does this make the play original in the way it is told, but it also makes the audience try to figure out what the animals are trying to say and feel. It was a way to indirectly and subliminally convey our message to the audience. When watching the performance, the audience will try to figure out the meaning of the puppets and will understand how the animals are feeling better than if we used dialogue to force the information onto the audience.