Artist Statement
Content what
form how
purpose why


Our performance addresses the problems with human construction projects and how they affect the lives of animals that was native to the land. We wanted to show that animals are losing their home, happiness, and order because of humans taking over their land. The performance has six parts, separated by “days”, to show the rapid progression of human construction. Over the course of the six “days” the lion, once king of the jungle, loses his animal subjects, his home, and eventually his sanity. At the beginning the lion was in his prime happiness, ruling over his subjects in the jungle. However, everything changed when the humans discovered the place. His subjects started disappearing one by one and the only thing the lion could do was to keep them calm. However before long, he finds himself alone, and his forest turns into a town that he can no longer recognize as his home. We used paper puppets as a way to portray the animals and the various aspects that are involved like humans and buildings. We controlled the puppets with various gestures to show their individual feelings and actions that occurred during the days. We also used sound as a major media in order to tell the story and instill emotion. Repetition was  also heavily used because we wanted the viewers to see how each “day” differed from the previous day. For example, in day 4 the hyena disappears and in day 5 the elephant is no longer there. We did this because it was a way to indirectly and subliminally convey our message to the audience. When watching the performance, the audience will try to figure out the meaning of the puppets and by the end truly understand the problems that construction projects cause to animals. They won’t feel like the information is forced into them like conventional ways of performances or speeches might. We chose this topic because animals are losing their homes and dying because people are not aware of what happens due to construction. This is important because these animals are helpless and cannot fight back. Like the play portrays, they do not know how or why they are losing their homes and they do not have the ability to stop the construction. This leads to animals dying and heading towards extinction. 
