lives, our fortunes and our sacred honor.
on the protection of Divine Providence, we mutually pledge to each other our 
of right do. And for the support of this declaration, with a firm reliance 
commerce, and to do all other acts and things which independent states may 
have full power to levey war, conclude peace, contract alliances, establish 
ought to be totally dissolved; and that as free and independent states, they 
all political connection between them and the state of Great Britain, is and 
that they are absolved from all allegiance to the British Crown, and that 
united colonies are, and of right ought to be free and independent states; 
the good people of these colonies, solemnly publish and declare, that these 
the rectitude of our intentions, do, in the name, and by the authority of 
General Congress, assembled, appealing to the Supreme Judge of the world for 
We, therefore, the representatives of the United States of America, in 

the rest of mankind, enemies in war, in peace friends.
in the necessity, which denounces our separation, and hold them, as we hold 
voice of justice and of consanguinity. We must, therefore, acquiesce 
interrupt our connections and correspondence. They too have been deaf to the 
of our common kindred to disavow these usurpations, which, would inevitably 
their native justice and magnanimity, and we have conjured them by the ties 
circumstances of our emigration and settlement here. We have appealed to 
unwarrantable jurisdiction over us. We have reminded them of the 
warned them from time to time of attempts by their legislature to extend an 
Nor have we been wanting in attention to our British brethren. We have 

may define a tyrant, is unfit to be the ruler of a free people.
repeated injury. A prince, whose character is thus marked by every act which 
most humble terms: our repeated petitions have been answered only by 
In every stage of these oppressions we have petitioned for redress in the 

     conditions.
     undistinguished destruction of all ages, sexes and
     merciless Indian savages, whose known rule of warfare, is
     endeavored to bring on the inhabitants of our frontiers, the
     He has excited domestic insurrections amongst us, and has

     themselves by their hands.
     executioners of their friends and brethren, or to fall
     high seas to bear arms against their country, to become the
     He has constrained our fellow citizens taken captive on the

     and totally unworthy of the head of a civilized nation.
     and perfidy scarcely paralleled in the most barbarous ages,
     and tyranny, already begun with circumstances of cruelty
     mercenaries to complete the works of death, desolation
     He is at this time transporting large armies of foreign

     our towns, and destroyed the lives of our people.
     He has plundered our seas, ravaged our coasts, burned

     his protection and waging war against us.
     He has abdicated government here, by declaring us out of

     cases whatsoever.
     themselves invested with power to legislate for us in all
     For suspending our own legislatures, and declaring

     governments:
     laws, and altering fundamentally the forms of our
     For taking away our charters, abolishing our most valuable

     same absolute rule in these colonies:
     at once an example and fit instrument for introducing the
     government, and enlarging its boundaries so as to render it
     neighboring province, establishing therein an arbitrary
     For abolishing the free system of English laws in a

     offenses:
     For transporting us beyond seas to be tried for pretended

     jury:
     For depriving us in many cases, of the benefits of trial by

     For imposing taxes on us without our consent:

     For cutting off our trade with all parts of the world:

     of these states:
     any murders which they should commit on the inhabitants
     For protecting them, by mock trial, from punishment for

     For quartering large bodies of armed troops among us:

     laws; giving his assent to their acts of pretended legislation:
     foreign to our constitution, and unacknowledged by our
     He has combined with others to subject us to a jurisdiction

     superior to civil power.
     He has affected to render the military independent of and

     without the consent of our legislature.
     He has kept among us, in times of peace, standing armies

     substance.
     swarms of officers to harass our people, and eat out their
     He has erected a multitude of new offices, and sent hither

     salaries.
     tenure of their offices, and the amount and payment of their
     He has made judges dependent on his will alone, for the

     his assent to laws for establishing judiciary powers.
     He has obstructed the administration of justice, by refusing

     of new appropriations of lands.
     encourage their migration hither, and raising the conditions
     naturalization of foreigners; refusing to pass others to
     states; for that purpose obstructing the laws for
     He has endeavored to prevent the population of these

     convulsions within.
     exposed to all the dangers of invasion from without, and
     large for their exercise; the state remaining in the meantime
     incapable of annihilation, have returned to the people at
     cause others to be elected; whereby the legislative powers,
     He has refused for a long time, after such dissolutions, to

     the people.
     opposing with manly firmness his invasions on the rights of
     He has dissolved representative houses repeatedly, for

     compliance with his measures.
     public records, for the sole purpose of fatiguing them into
     uncomfortable, and distant from the depository of their
     He has called together legislative bodies at places unusual,

     right inestimable to them and formidable to tyrants only. 
     relinquish the right of representation in the legislature, a
     of large districts of people, unless those people would
     He has refused to pass other laws for the accommodation

     suspended, he has utterly neglected to attend to them. 
     operation till his assent should be obtained; and when so
     and pressing importance, unless suspended in their
     He has forbidden his governors to pass laws of immediate

     necessary for the public good.
     He has refused his assent to laws, the most wholesome and

states. To prove this, let facts be submitted to a candid world.
having in direct object the establishment of an absolute tyranny over these 
King of Great Britain is a history of repeated injuries and usurpations, all 
them to alter their former systems of government. The history of the present 
sufferance of these colonies; and such is now the necessity which constrains 
new guards for their future security. -- Such has been the patient 
their right, it is their duty, to throw off such government, and to provide 
same object evinces a design to reduce them under absolute despotism, it is 
But when a long train of abuses and usurpations, pursuing invariably the 
to right themselves by abolishing the forms to which they are accustomed. 
that mankind are more disposed to suffer, while evils are sufferable, than 
for light and transient causes; and accordingly all experience hath shown 
indeed, will dictate that governments long established should not be changed 
them shall seem most likely to effect their safety and happiness. Prudence, 
foundation on such principles and organizing its powers in such form, as to 
to alter or to abolish it, and to institute new government, laying its 
government becomes destructive of these ends, it is the right of the people 
powers from the consent of the governed. That whenever any form of 
these rights, governments are instituted among men, deriving their just 
among these are life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness. That to secure 
that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable rights, that 
We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal, 

which impel them to the separation.
to the opinions of mankind requires that they should declare the causes 
which the laws of nature and of nature's God entitle them, a decent respect 
assume among the powers of the earth, the separate and equal station to 
dissolve the political bands which have connected them with another, and to 
When, in the course of human events, it becomes necessary for one people to 

   The Unanimous Declaration of the Thirteen United States of America



                   [Adopted in Congress 4 July 1776]

                      Declaration of Independence
