Throughout most of my elementary school years, my best friend was grass. Since my family does not speak English at home, I had to study basic English during recess. As a result, I did not have many friends nor did I know how to make some. It also didn’t help that I was extremely shy. So when I was finally let out to play, I spent my time under a shady tree, playing with grass. The different grass shapes form different animals, beings, and places in my mind. It stimulated my imagination, so it was a fun way to pass the time.

I did have many moments where I had to part ways with grass. In second grade, I had a group of friends whom I played with. However, the group of friends consisted of all girls,  so I could not stay with them once it got awkward for a boy to play “feminine” games like jump rope. I made friends with the grass once again.

Another moment was in fourth grade where I made friends with a smaller group of people— a boy and a girl. We had a lot of fun playing games like tag, Pokemon, and sometimes even with the grass. We stayed friends till the end of the year, and still remain friends today. However, because we had to go to fifth grade, we had to part ways. At that time it was difficult for people from different classes to be friends. However, it did open me up to people.

In fifth grade, I made friends earlier and with different people— two boys this time. Over the school year, we had a lot of fun playing video games and worrying about things like homework. Like fourth grade, the group didn’t survive the end of the year because my best friend at the time wanted to meet new people. It meant that I were to go back to playing with the grass until the school year end again.

In sixth grade, however, one of my friends and I were in the same class. This is the first time I started with a friend. It was also the longest that I was away from the grass. Over the year, our friendship incorporated two more people into the group, so it was a group of four. We played tag and online games with each other even when we are not in school. However, when the school year ended, I had to go to a different school from them. I still wonder if we would remain close if I could have gone to the same middle school. However, we are still friends till this day. I haven’t had to play with the grass since then. I had an easier time making friends with people because I wasn’t as shy. Once in a while, when I visit my elementary school, I would still go back to the patch of grass that I once played at and thank the grass for always being there for me, for being my ultimate best friend.