Harvard Health
———————————
Tai chi is often described as "meditation in motion," but it might well be called "medication in motion."
The benefits of tai chi are generally greatest if you begin before you develop a chronic illness or functional limitations.
People who did tai chi improved more than 30% in lower-body strength and 25% in arm strength — almost as much as those who participated in resistance training, and more than those assigned to brisk walking.
.Sleep problems. In a University of California, Los Angeles, study of 112 healthy older adults with moderate sleep complaints, 16 weeks of tai chi improved the quality and duration of sleep significantly more than standard sleep education. The study was published in the July 2008 issue of the journal Sleep.

WebMD
—————————
.Stress is known to aggravate some health conditions, he says. And, according to some estimates, unmanaged stress could be costing U.S. businesses billions each year.
.’’If we provided tools like tai chi and qigong and other mind-body techniques through public education, every kid could be graduating high school as a tai chi or yoga master,'' Douglas says. ''This could conceivably save hundreds of billions of dollars, not once, but every year.''
It can improve strength, flexibility, balance, and coordination
.Practicing tai chi also helps to counteract the repetitiveness of our jobs and daily routines, where our bodies move only in limited ways, Johnson says.

Can Children Learn Tai Chi?
———————————————
The reason that children are not generally practicing Tai Chi is that they tend to like faster movements, like Kung Fu, Judo, gymnastics or maybe baseball or soccer. They generally do not have the patience for slower movements. When a child does desire to learn Tai Chi, that impediment is removed.

There is no reason that I am aware of, either in law or in practice that prevents children from learning Tai Chi.


Even though Tai Chi is not as flashy as other martial arts, it is just 

If Tai Chi were taught earlier on in people’s lives, they would have more time to practice the art
